I found out about wrinkles through a
news story meet Southwest Florida's
wrinkles the clown you can call him he
will scare people for you you don't know
if he's trying to surf are trying to
kill you it's like a boogeyman situation
oh my god we know that there's a human
underneath and yet you don't know the
identity and that creeps people out you
better be afraid of rain he's really by
calling him you're essentially inviting
him in into your life
[Music]
it was different about this was the
final nature of with social media
there's two people in his body a
multiple personality just been working
like this for 65
people have made a ritual out of calling
[Applause]
you know no one was hiring me when I was
just a regular clown
I just thought yeah you know maybe I'll
give it a little edge
[Music]
you